Ollie Software License Agreement

Ollie Software
(C) 2011-2012, University of Washington.  All rights reserved.
US patent number 7,877,343 and 12/970,155 patent pending

The University of Washington (UW), Professor Mausam, Michael Schmitz, Robert
Bart, and Stephen Soderland, (Developers) give permission for you and your
laboratory (University) to use Ollie. Ollie is a system that extracts
relational triples from text. Ollie is protected by a United States copyright
and patents. The National Science Foundation supported work on Ollie. Under
University of Washington's patents 7,877,343 (issued) and 12/970,155 (patent
pending), the UW grants to you the non-exclusive right to use patent claims
practiced by the University of Washington's Ollie software solely for
non-commercial purposes and as long as you comply with the terms of this Ollie
Software License Agreement.  UW and the Developers allow you to copy and modify
Ollie for non-commercial purposes, and to distribute modifications through
GitHub or directly to the University of Washington, on the following
conditions:


1.  Ollie is not used for any commercial purposes, or as part of a system
which has commercial purposes.


2.  Any software derived from Ollie must carry prominent notices stating that
you modified it along with the date modified.  The derivative must also carry
prominent notices stating that it is released under this Ollie Software
License Agreement

If you wish to obtain Ollie or to obtain any patent rights for any commercial
purposes, you will need to contact the University of Washington to see if
rights are available and to negotiate a commercial license and pay a fee. This
includes, but is not limited to, using Ollie to provide services to outside
parties for a fee. In that case please contact:

    UW Center for Commercialization
    University of Washington
    4311 11th Ave. NE,
    Suite 500 Seattle, WA 98105-4608

    Phone: (206) 543-3970
    Email: license@u.washington.edu


3. You retain in Ollie and any modifications to Ollie, the copyright,
trademark, patent or other notices pertaining to Ollie as provided by UW.


4. You provide the Developers with feedback on the use of the Ollie software
in your research, and that the Developers and UW are permitted to use any
information you provide in making changes to the Ollie software. All bug
reports and technical questions shall be sent to: afader@cs.washington.edu.
Modifications may be communicated through GitHub pull requests at:

    https://github.com/knowitall/


5. You acknowledge that the Developers, UW and its licensees may develop
modifications to Ollie that may be substantially similar to your modifications
of Ollie, and that the Developers, UW and its licensees shall not be
constrained in any way by you in UW's or its licensees' use or management of
such modifications. You acknowledge the right of the Developers and UW to
prepare and publish modifications to Ollie that may be substantially similar
or functionally equivalent to your modifications and improvements, and if you
obtain patent protection for any modification or improvement to Ollie you
agree not to allege or enjoin infringement of your patent by the Developers,
the UW or by any of UW's licensees obtaining modifications or improvements to
Ollie from the University of Washington or the Developers.


6. If utilization of the Ollie software results in outcomes which will be
published, please specify the version of Ollie you used and cite the UW
Developers.

  @inproceedings{ollie-emnlp12,
      author = {Mausam and Michael Schmitz and Robert Bart and
          Stephen Soderland and Oren Etzioni},
      title = {Open Language Learning for Information Extraction},
      booktitle = {Proceedings of Conference on Empirical Methods in
          Natural Language Processing and Computational Natural
          Language Learning (EMNLP-CONLL)},
      year = {2012}
  }


7. Any risk associated with using the Ollie software at your organization is
with you and your organization. Ollie is experimental in nature and is made
available as a research courtesy "AS IS," without obligation by UW to provide
accompanying services or support.


UW AND THE AUTHORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES
PERTAINING TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
